dislike
Dislikes 1. Growth: Not much scope of growth. Freshers are kept on bench just to show employee strength to potential clients. Most of the time freshers are given boring work like data entry or documentation etc.  2. Salary: As the work is not challenging, salary is minimal too. Freshers get 3.5 lpa approx.  3. Work environment: Not really great. Talk about technology is far less heard than gossips. Fear of getting bad rating is the motivation of work. So most of the time people deliver the bare minimum. There is an 8 hrs office time policy but actual work happens for 3-4 hrs only.  4. Politics: Thick management layer and micromanaged. So politics are everywhere. So much so that actual work become secondary to all the mails and meetings and screenshots.  5. Learning: You will definitely learn suave moves of office politics, crafty way to send mails and may be few other skills.  6. Training: Training are given based on project requirements. If an employee has an interest in different technologies, most likely he or she will not a get a chance easily. Resource management is very poor. Employee are forcefully recruited to projects sometime even without their acknowledgement. ...Read More
Dislikes Some of the managers are lagging with technical knowledge and skills. They are bit difficult to deal with. And some of them abuses badly to other resources. This is completely intolerable. Even HRs do not help associates at this point and acting like puppets of those managers, especially RMGs. This culture needs to be changed. 
Dislikes 1. First of all, everybody in TCS are simple LIAR. HR will lie about salary at the time of joining. Manager will lie about work profile at the time of joining the project. Sometime I feel, TCS Managers are getting salary for telling lie to employee. One HR manager told me TCS salary are like weather forecasting. another HR manager told me, you may need to pay TCS for working in TCS. I have written proof. 2. They deduct salary of a person after joining. Don't give allocation even if your are actively working in a project. And hence, salary cut. 3. I have never seen such regionalism in any other organisation in India like TCS. North manager does not like south manager and vise a versa, Telegu manager does not like Tamil, Tamil manager does not like Kannadiga etc. etc. 4. There are few managers who takes money from recruitment firm. Those managers recruit people even if current project is over populated. In my project, they could not even allocate a bug per head per week. I mentioned the same to Regional HR manager, but no action was taken. This is overt secret in TCS. 5. TCS encourages its employee to use personal laptop or computer to connect and work in client network. I have written proof. I raised the concern to appropriate authority. But No Action was taken, in fact the guy from grievance cell was trying to implicate one fresher for the same.   ...Read More
Dislikes Nothing to dislike about working at TCS
Dislikes Salary appraisal is very low for beginners and is affected by politics at local team level but if you survive for some time then everything sorts out gradually.
Dislikes People keep the trust in the company and want to carry on with the jobs until they retire hence promotions and growth are time consuming. However on the contrary the learning opportunities are fabulous and one can really work in different horizons and domains. Shifting career interests are amazing here, at any age! 🙂
Dislikes I worked as a BA for a pilot project Motorola, They laid off without Any prior update. Veey poor management its was terrible due to such managers in TCS the brand value is effected. He doesn't care what happens to employees life if they update all of sudden that we are fired off from our job, no intimation. Internal politics arehuge, higher authorities needs to look over it. No additional allowances always budget oriented no employee satisfaction. Differentiation between BA and tcs payroll employees. TCS was my dream company but viewing such behaviour towards employees from management in few projects won't prefer back again, however TCS runs it's show by recruiting freshers with low salaries and crushing them. It's not secure anymore....Read More
Dislikes The working hours now has become more than hours we work at office. Even though working for 10-11 hrs a day, they are no hikes.
Dislikes Things which needs to be looked into, 1. Having a clear roadmap to execute a given work load needs to be improved. 2. Senior associates should too invest some time at coding with novice developers to help them learn better. 3. Blame game is bad if you have such people in your project. 4. Ample time needs to be given to developers for application development, things should not be in a hurry. 5. Salary Hike is not so impressive for junior associates who are starting there career with TCS. Good associates feel forced to leave the company just because of low salary increment. If this criteria is looked upon, TCS can retain good quality employees. 6. Infrastructure Team at TCS needs to work quickly. 7. Approval for any activity from higher level management takes too much time, needs to have a good,smooth and quick workflow. 8. People who work are made to work too much. But those who don't work are neither asked to work nor any action is taken against them(politics). 9. Annual Appraisal process needs to be reviewed, current one is not upto the mark as most people work only during appraisals, or they get good ratings just because they act close to their appraisers.  ...Read More
Dislikes Compensation is not good enough. Very few  projects have office politics. 
Dislikes Compensation and promotions Will donate crores of rupees to Tata Funds, but increment for employee is lesser than the Peanut
Dislikes Salary and appraisals   It's been 4 years I am working with TCS with all my efforts and diligence. And my package is 2.2 LPA, And I have seen they are offering package of 4 LPA  for the same work profile in same project I was working with 2 months before. 
Dislikes Night Shift, which is there in all the other companies
Dislikes Salary below average 
Dislikes Management politics , worst tactics and boot lickers are around and they rule here
Dislikes TCS is like an ocean, some find pearls and diamonds, some find stones and shells, I am the unfortunate one to get the latter one. It is like a curse being in IT. the work pressure is immense, people who proactively work will be burdened until the succumb to pressure, the people who like to enjoy will have the time of their life and loiter around to glory. Getting a release is totally at project managers discretion, I remember the line from the favorite song of eagles, me and my friend used to sing together "you may checkout anytime you want, but you may never leave!". Getting a release from one project is an impossible task, the HR will be ready to let you go out of TCS but will not release from the project, every plea goes unheard. none of the escalations work! the only option is to quit. New joiners are mislead into internal as they lack knowledge and are naive. Experienced people are cheated and thrown into the pit. The internal employees are wise enough to escape the limbo. Just a warning sign whoever is considering joining TCS which otherwise is a heaven for IT geniuses. ...Read More
Dislikes Not for youngsters but for thos who want to settle their carreer, not a challenging environment, no encouragement in skill development, work culture seems is nt good
Dislikes Job security ok but income increment very very bad
Dislikes As per my experience admin is not proper. During night shift there was alot problem against transport facility for girls. Not security guard provide for home drop. After completing no action taken by admin.
Dislikes They have forcefully given C rating to employees and then fired people by saying average performance. Company culture is bad and it's terrible working there.
Dislikes Pros: Work life balance and job security.  Cons: Will destroy your career, NO learning, lots of regrets after joining this company
Dislikes A lot of people waste their and company's time. It seems like both of these two parties are quite careless about the fact. It affects the motivation of hard working bunch and indirectly affects the paycheck as well.
Dislikes So many reasons to dislike about working at TCS when working at TCS anyone misbehaving me or unlike activitie in our working place . Like gambling etc so wil not working at TCS
Dislikes So many reasons to dislike about working at TCS when working at TCS anyone misbehaving me or unlike activitie in our working place . Like gambling etc so wil not working at TCS
Dislikes as you we know situation National emergency covid-19 and in between my family is not allowing to move pune .I asked my manager to movement to Bangalore tcs   It is nearest location to my native and family is agree with bangalore location and I submit my father medical reports .yet my manager was not realising me since may I am requesting to HR,DM,Lead,etc. They are telling we cannot realising anyone from account and look up to many of my friends from my account already they got transfer in last week....Read More
Dislikes nothing
Dislikes There is a lot of politics and the management doesn't address our issues. 
Dislikes Bad Management. No support to work & learn on new things. Managers are treating as they are god or they are owner of TCS. TCS means trust but in management you can't trust on any senior person. They are not promoting or supporting for your aspirations.  I have no concerns with TCS and it is best compony.  It will become most valuable IT company if they support to employees for career aspirations....Read More
Dislikes No dis likes in TCS
Dislikes No dis likes in TCS
Dislikes Learning n training is WebEx based which doesn't help that effectively, moreover employee is occupied in his daily so kuch that he couldn't give time to extra time other activities rather than work,which eventually effects his goals n appraisals. Your manager doesn't release you from one account n use u till they have project.movingresources from one project to another eventually distracts the focus of employee from his work. Some projects are really worst to work. But you can't deny those projects so forcefully you have to work. There is so much biasness shown when it comes to appraisals. All HR RMG N PM are not helpfull when it comes to the release n promotions n appraisals.any complaint you make will eventually turned as your mistake only. Tcs HRs are pathetic..No buddy i hve seen helpful when u r in trouble. On-site opportunity are there but only for those who does buttering with leads n managers. Hard working people are treated as donkeys. For showing ur innovations u need to work on weekend or seat extra in office after completing ur 9 hrs duty..Work satisfaction is less. I worked here for 2.5 years but now got bored due to motivation or consideration in d project. Nobody appreciates your for hard work. Nd ur smart work is compansate with any single mistake as if ur d biggest culprit of everthing....Read More
Dislikes Not anything that I think about.
Dislikes Currently they are not having much project here at Baroda location so they are asking me to relocate to gandhinagar after offices reopen but its not possible for me to relocate as I have to take care of my old aged parents my mother is a heart patient I can't leave her and relocate. I told this to HR and he asked me to resign if I cannot relocate. In this pandemic how can someone ask to resign a job. I felt very pathetic about him....Read More
Dislikes No compensation atleast bonus should be given. Next year hoping for compensation.
Dislikes There is a lobby in the management which never let you grow..Because if you want to grow u have to be always behind them like yes sir yes sir whatever they say u have to follow or else no promotion no onsite nothing... eg: My manager he was good for nothing but because he was having a godmother my DM (Delivery Manager) whom my manager used to bring tea, chair lift her bag to the car that is how he survived and became portfolio manager....Read More
Dislikes The same of project and some manager or team leader is not capable to manage their associates at all.. they haven't control own their language  
Dislikes No Appreciation and Recognition.Most of the employees are not satisfied regarding this concern from their supervisors.
Dislikes No Appreciation and Recognition.Most of the employees are not satisfied regarding this concern from their supervisors.
Dislikes In lockdown TCS povides all employees to work from home option but some projects provide the WFH option in within Hyderabad only.So, I would like to suggest to allow WFH for all employees to similar.
Dislikes since the organization  has a lot of members  you can get things to approve easily 
Dislikes Bad management during covid time. Only supporting local guys for system delivery because High management is local one only.
Dislikes Compensation was very low for my experience & competency. I was not able to balance my personal life with the salary paid by TCS. I had really faced difficult time in terms of money.  Work wise, learnings, knowledge & Role was awesome interms of professional life. I really give 5 stars..   Company also should thing about the employees, who has been decades in the company, when company needs support.. we have put our heart & soul to the growth of the company, when they need it, supporting clients 24/7 without giving rest to our body sometimes.. they should also not leave employee family to float on floods. TCS contribute for the flood relief fund & other welfare for the society as CSR.. I feel that first TCS should take care of there family members there employee, who are suffering for bread & butter. Literally on my last day of my release, I was emotional, when I spoke to my ex manager. I have done so much to the company, taken many risks & faced lot of challenges.. supported the company more than my family... But I realised late that, company treats employees as a Sugarcane juice.. use it how much you can, when you need them. So many of my friends at TCS are suffering in the same fashion... Atleast company should wake up & support other employees, as per there experience & competency for the market standards, likewise when they hire a new comers. I pray God to make this happen soon and help many employees family....Read More
Dislikes I am doing work from home. My work life balance is pathetic. Doing worm from home means you are available 24*7 for system log in. Personal life is zero. 
Dislikes Finding a good project from home is very difficult unlike during pre-covid days
Dislikes Career growth ,projects ar not allocated as per skillset and ppl are put on bench if there is no project. Compensation and hikes are poor. 
Dislikes Though there is job security, pay also need to be in line with the current average which was not upto mark. 
Dislikes Haven’t found any significant dislikes yet.
Dislikes No perks and recently they made a policy of not hiring back ex-employees of TCS which is quite upsetting
Dislikes There are some restrictions in projects which do not let you groom well. I will not name all projects but a few of them are. Sometimes you have to compromise with your expectations to run the project smoothly.
Dislikes Long Working hours 
Dislikes prakash iyer tower lead for telstra process should terminated immediately because of his dirty politics I am begging on the streets of Pune. 
Dislikes No groth for fresher it's, difficult to increase salary for fresher. 
Dislikes Salary hike is terrible, on-site chances are available for experienced people that too purely depends on your luck, learning is comparatively low as compared to other small scale company.
Dislikes Delayed promotion, compensation, slow career growth, having to work on shifts to support clients during their time.
Dislikes It will be like the salary hike and compensation what we receive. The growth in your professional life can be very slow but it depends on every individual. 
Dislikes Very low income. 
Dislikes Full politics and managers will take disciplinary action on innocent employers for asking release 
Dislikes You just dont get paid enough for what you do. 
Dislikes Nothing all are very good to me 
Dislikes It is a very good firm but now I am seeking a firm which can offer high compensation. 
Dislikes Management plays with life of people in career growth they will hold promotion if they hate us
Dislikes Management plays with life of people in career growth they will hold promotion if they hate us
Dislikes Some project politics and less perks, small increments 
Dislikes Pay scale n hikes
Dislikes Salary and career growth very slow.
Dislikes There are very less good projects 
Dislikes I have no dislikes
Dislikes Growth is slow and resource mapping needs to be a lot even though we excel in some good technology we are forced to moved some other projects irrespective of the skill-set.
Dislikes NO CAREER DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES, INEQUALITY, SALARY ISSUES, BUREAUCRACY
Dislikes Process sometimes too long and time consuming even for small amount approvals.  But its OK.
Dislikes They laid off my wife in a different way due to covid. Instead directly saying it as lay off. 
Dislikes Only Hike. :) If you are ok with it, you can't feel a better place than this on the earth. 
Dislikes Only Hike. :) If you are ok with it, you can't feel a better place than this on the earth. 
Dislikes Only Hike. :) If you are ok with it, you can't feel a better place than this on the earth. 
Dislikes Transportation. 
Dislikes Nothing
Dislikes Now a days due to Corona work pressure had increased but then by trying different ways able to deal with it. Hope I will be able to deal with it more as I get more exposure. One thing I'm not liking is sometimes we are called outside Office hours but i think may be it's up to us how we set our expectations.
Dislikes NOTHING 
Dislikes A gap between top level management and mid level management in terms of act.
Dislikes The only place of improvement I believe is the work evaluation they do at the end of financial year. Even after receiving good evaluation there is no guarantee you will revive good grade and there is almost no scope to fight for it and get it change.
Dislikes No growth
Dislikes Struck with same projects, switching technologies and projects is very difficulty tasj
Dislikes Nothing as of now... 😊
Dislikes Nil
Dislikes Don’t want to comment 
Dislikes Disrespect , discourage and undermining by senior people.
Dislikes Sry I am not diklike
Dislikes some managers are thinking in a way that this is their own company and treating employees like their maid.
Dislikes Leave it . Be positive .
Dislikes Nothing from my end as dislike expect eb bill as of now
Dislikes I never had bad experience in TCS
Dislikes Nothing as such.
Dislikes Lesser learning opportunities.
Dislikes Lesser learning opportunities.
Dislikes Dislike based on employees mind set only, if he/she interested to work any project they say good.
Dislikes Totally worst I don't like the company no work life balance worst managers 
Dislikes Internal politics is the first point I would like to highlight specifically in Kolkata location which I never liked. TCS gets project in lower wages as a result only one resource is allocated for a 3 men work. Work quality is not so good but not too bad. Salary Hike is incorrigible and as usual low for everyone both for lateral entry as well as fresher graduates.
Dislikes Nothing like that...I really enjoyed a work... because by god's grace I was blessed with excellent team
Dislikes Nothing
Dislikes There is a lot of politics and the management doesn't address our issues. Salary is decent but career growth is slow.
Dislikes Poor growth , need to fill time sheet daily (school attendance) else leave/pay cut
Dislikes No growth and increment before covid also
Dislikes Promotion policy is not transparent and QVA is almost never paid In full to senior associates 
Dislikes Compensations and benifits
Dislikes Not got increment this year 19-20 due to this pandamic And we gone 1 year back in terms of own growth. This is very disappointing for me.
Dislikes Honestly, it will make an intelligent person to dumb
Dislikes No compensation given for working employees during this critical situation.. they didn't even consider about maternity leave ladies..
Dislikes Though Tata group is committed to values... Senior employees and RMG are not committed to values... You will not get opportunities to work in latest technologies.. The technologies you work in TCS will not have demand in other companies
Dislikes I would say work life balance, but I am pretty sure its ones personal ability how we balance it. Salary though is less for the effort we put.
Dislikes Compensation benefits
Dislikes I dont want to say so much  but I don't like  at jabalpur no any tcs corporate office. 
Dislikes -
Dislikes No respect for individual and lack of transparency in managers
Dislikes Just only one thing annual appraisal but I'm happy with that also nothing else.
Dislikes Tcs company a good company. 
Dislikes There won’t be anything that I hate abt Tata group. If you hate Tata group then you hate your motherland. It’s like Infosys founder till date they have photos of Great Tata’s in der life. They are example entrepreneurs with gold hearts. Love to Tata group.
Dislikes There won’t be anything that I hate abt Tata group. If you hate Tata group then you hate your motherland. It’s like Infosys founder till date they have photos of Great Tata’s in der life. They are example entrepreneurs with gold hearts. Love to Tata group.
Dislikes As a band TCS is good to work but if you want to work with different technologies and want to grow then the people at top will never give you opportunity for that.  Even they dont care what you actually looking for. Managers never appreciate your work even never give you release from a project, if you want to learn and grow with different technology.
Dislikes There is a lot of politics and the management doesn’t address our issues. Salary is decent but career growth is slow. 
Dislikes There is a lot of politics and the management doesn’t address our issues. Salary is decent but career growth is slow. 
Dislikes Concerned about clients and not about employees health.
Dislikes Do a good job, but if you do not go ahead with it, then it does not look good and you should meet on time. 
Dislikes Job Security is less
Dislikes ALL THE ABOVE SAID COMMENTS ARE TRUE TO MY KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE BUT IT WAS NOT APPLICABLE OR AVAILABLE FOR SOME PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT ABLE TO COPE UP THE CULTURE IN TCS.
Dislikes No comments
Dislikes I got good opportunities to grow at Tata Consultancy Services, the work environment is good, the work culture is good and Tata Consultancy Services is known for its job security!
Dislikes Nothing 
Dislikes In many month end, my timesheet were not getting approve on time due which I use to get delay in salary payment. I was expecting to become a permanent emplyee in TCS after completing 1 year. But this did'nt happened, and my parent company also denied to give support during Covid-19 pandemic.
Dislikes With overall experience, the company will say they care about employees but in reality, nothing. A big nothing. They wont consider employee's opinion. Career growth and compensation is big joke.   The company is functioning exactly opposite to how they project themselves in media.
Dislikes Working culture, Management don't feel responsible to employee concern and Politics during the hikes and promotions.


Dislikes Nothing much.. where ever I worked food was not good ..I mean they r not meeting quality expectations to min level.
Dislikes Its saturated at the top and it has become feudalistic with each strap running their fiefdom. If you are part of the clique, it's great. If you are not, you will hit a glass ceiling soon
Dislikes Work Life and personal life bothe are almost same.
Dislikes TCS is unprofessional. They charge you premium and provide services that are not even close to amount you pay..
Dislikes No idea
Dislikes Work from home is very hectic in this lockdown
Dislikes I have complicated my 5 years in Tcs. I joined as bpo 1.. and after 5 years still I am bpo 1.. and at the time of promotion they Released. Not got good hike.. in last 5 years.That worst thing I experienced in last 5 years..
Dislikes Not keeping the good quality people which created lot of politics.
Dislikes 😃... Seriously not '
Dislikes There are no hike in this year. 
Dislikes Salary increments and appraisal
Dislikes No job security for payroll employees
Dislikes I am writing this for analytics division based in NKP, Goregaon, Mumbai location. Do not join this place unless you need a job very badly. This is worst work culture I have come across in my career, the head of the department is the worst leader who do not how to even talk to employees and treat them as if the employees are servants. Therefore the same is done by his deputy. Shouting on employees is a common thing for these guys. They have a very weak knowledge base and do not know anything. As they are failed to bring any good project, thus trying to sell that the employees are very lucky that they got the documentation work and this will improve their career. I don't know how pathetic this sounds but if someone tells that this work is not good then the conclusion they draw is he/she is conspiring against them.  They will hire you by giving false information on the JD and in the interview say that you will get modelling work but in reality there is no work apart from documentation and little bit analysis (if you are lucky you will get this work). After joining when confronted about the promise they have made they will shamelessly say it was your call or can even shout on you.  Since there is no work, all the time they will monitor you like whether you are at desk or not even if you do not have any work and Creating bizzare rules like be seated 9 hours on your desk(other companies have it but only in rule book) else they will call the HR, do not talk with fellow team members ( as they think you are upto something against them), do not laugh as it disturb other employees. All these may sound impractical but these are 100% true my friends.   The result of this kind of work culture is that, almost every financial year about 60 - 80% of employees resign.  There's a lot of bad experience I had here so I will recommend if possible never join to this location of Tcs, there are 99% chances are you will regret it.    ...Read More
Dislikes To be honest, you will get bore after 6 months or so. As you are facing the pc most of the time doing processing. 
Dislikes No Hikes...No benefits.. 
Dislikes Career growth and skill development is zero here
Dislikes Nothing but just giving false hopes to employees. Also, not being open to employees specially contractors. 
Dislikes Career growth is not good.. Salary is not good for experienced candidates
Dislikes There is partiality in the management level especially in appraisal time. 
Dislikes Teammates are home,about training it is good and job security is awesome,no about the appraisal criteria the growth is very slow  there has been some time politics at the time of appraisal,
Dislikes I would request Tcs pls provide a laptop to everyone
Dislikes Naothing
Dislikes I only dislike Management politics. TCS = GOVT company & TCS Managers = Politicians
Dislikes There is no career growth.  I saw people doing the same mononotonous work even after spending 5-6 years there.  I don't know about IT section.  But,  BPS industry is really sick. They don't care to say hello to each other.  They don't  even care to sing national songs on precious days. They don't even give proper leaves & holidays. They don't have any social life or culture.  Just fake people & show off.  Only thing which matters to them  is work hour & target.  TCS is full of Corporate slaves & materialistic ppl.  ...Read More
Dislikes Compensation, work culture , appraisals nothing is satisfactory
Dislikes Work pressure
Dislikes Work pressure
Dislikes Only one thing is salary hike otherwise everything was perfect

